Subtitles by josmndsn
Deck the halls
with boughs of holly...
Fa la la la la la la la la!
Tis the season to be jolly...
Don we now our white apparel...
Fa la la la la la la la la!
Troll the ancient Yule tide carol
Fa la la la la la la la la...
What, in blue blazes!
Grouchy's house is as bare
as a Smurflings bottom.
Oh, my!
Grouchy, what's wrong?
Oh, you mean other than being
bothered by carolers...
who aren't even in tune, by the way.
- Uuph, ... what's gotten into him?
- What do you mean?
He's always ... uh ...
Grouchy.
Yeah, but not at the holidays.
Yeah, you always decorate for
the holidays.
Uh, ... I hate decorations.
Okay, but you're still coming to
the big party tonight, right?
Every Smurf helps decorate the tree.
You call that puny twig a tree?
Huh, huh, count me out.
But, we always decorate
as a family.
Yeah, and you always put the star
on top of the tree.
He's right, Grouchy. That very important
task belongs to you.
You know what?  I hate tasks.
I hate stars, mistletoe,
candy canes, stockings and fruit cake!
I ... hate ... Christmas!
How can someone hate fruit cake?
It's delicious.
Oh, Papa, you need to do something.
It just won't be the same if we
can't all celebrate together.
Humm, ... I have an idea.
Oh, ...
A dash of nutmeg...
A touch of holly ...
What exactly is this potion, Papa ?
The Christmas Spirit,
designed to show one
the true meaning of the holiday.
And, now... the final ingredient...
Essence of Smurf.
Fa la la la la la la la,
LAME!
How do you Smurf a hall, anyway?
Ugh, I hate warm Smurfberry nog.
But. I also hate
being thirsty.
I suddenly ... feel ... sleepy ...
Who turned out the lights?
Wow, my stomach is looking flat.
What's up there?
I got a blue belt in Smurf-Fu.
And, I'm not afraid to use it.
You really should sweep that
thing once in a while.
- Smurfette?
- I'm the Smurf of Christmas past.
Don't you see my Smurfy wings?
I shouldn't have had that second
glass of Smurfberry nog.
Oh, go away...
You're just a figment of my indigestion.
No! I'm one of three spirits
that's going to visit you tonight.
It seems that you have lost
the true meaning of Christmas.
Our job is to help you
find it.
I think I'll pass.
Feel free to use the door
on your way out.
Oh, I'm not leaving until I take you
on a magical journey back in time!
Hey, congratulations!
Nothing happened.
What the...?
Oh, I hate mornings.
Except for Christmas morning.
- Hey, it's me.
- It is you.
But, a you from long, long ago.
Presents, here I come.
Christmas way always the one time of
year when you put your grouchyness aside.
Jingle Smurfs, jingle Smurfs,
jingle all the way...
If you ask me,
that's so annoying...
Wierd, right?
Wait til you see this.
Neat, huh?
Gee, I remember this.
And, here you come now.
- Merry Christmas, Grouchy.
- Yeah, Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas!
The sooner I get to my chair,
the sooner I get to open my presents.
- Merry Christmas, Grouchy!
- Merry Christmas!
Yeah, Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas, Grouchy !
I don't have time for this.
Seriously!
We've got to get to our seats now.
Enough's enough.
Come on. Let's dance!
- I hate dancing.
- Really?
That's not what it looks like to me.
Gather around, Smurfs.
Gather around, everyone.
Hurry up, Grouchy.
It's time to open your presents.
Oh! This was a long time ago.
Please, let me get it. Please let me
get it. Please, let me get it.
- Get, what?
- What I asked for for Christmas.
A hang glider.
It's like a giant paper airplane
you can fly in.
I know. It's got to be the Smurf.
For you.
And, for you. And, for you.
Merry Christmas!
For you. And, for you.
It's not very big.
All right. Open them up.
A new hat!
- A new hat!
Oh! A new hat!
A new hat!... Again.
All I ever wanted was that hng glider.
Every year I asked Papa for it.
But, did he ever come through?
Let's find out.
Christmas
And, then a few years later,
and every year after that...
Seriously!
Then, there was ... last year.
Hey, look.
Papa, asked me to give that to you.
LOOK!
Finally!
Ha, ha, ... killing!
Here's the real gift.
Whoa! ... A new hat!
Isn't Christmas about giving
what you want?
Well, I want a hang glider!
Why do I even bother to
celebrate Christmas,
if all I ever get ... is this?
The same old boring, useless hat!
I mean, how many hats
does a Smurf need?
Uh, who asked you?
I ... hate ... hats!
And, that's why you decided
to hate Christmas?
Don't get your hopes up,
if all you'll get is disappointed?
What's there to be disappointed about ...
when you're surrounded by
such a Smurfy family?
One annoying family.
Could have used that hang glider to fly
away for some peace and quiet.
Well, if you wanted to fly,
then let's go.
You've got somewhere to be.
You're heavier than you look..
Sorry! I'm new at this.
Hey, ... Wedgy! Wedgy! Wedgy!
Watch where you're going!
Sorry!
I hate falling!
Nice of you to drop in.
Brainy?
I'm afraid you are incorrect ...
on your assumption,
for I am the Smurf of Christmas present.
Then, where are the presents?
I'm here to show you how your
hatred of Christmas ...
is going to affect the
whole village.
What are you talking about?
Every Christmas I would just put
up a couple of decorations.
Papa, would make me put a
star ... on top of the tree.
Every action, no matter how small,
has a reaction.
Behold!
Because you decided not to help
decorate the tree ...
Chef had to step in and
had to help with the ornaments ...
instead of baking his traditional
gingerSmurf cookies ...
which had an expotentional effect on the
rate of Christmas cheer per Smurf...
that, when multiplied by the square root
of total ...
Grouchy, why do I bother?
Just watch.
I have my Christmas decorations
Oh, the star for the top of the tree!
Oh, but Grouchy isn't here.
Hey! I'll take care of it.
- No, Clumsy.
- No, no, no!
- The stockings!
Uh, well, at least,
the fire's out, he, he.
No!
Out of the way, Smurfs!
This wouldn't have happen if
Grouchy was here.
Every Smurf, plays an important
part, you see?
Yeah, I see.
Not yet, you don't.
There we are, now, just the
way Greedy likes it ...
with a little pocket inside,
to keep extra Smurfberries.
Tailor will be delighted with
the extra large, built-in, pin cushion.
Papa makes all of our
hats, himself ...
And, crafts each one to meet the
particular needs of every Smurf.
Takes him all year.
Grouchy, I made a hat I know
you'll love ...
If, only you'd give it a chance.
Well, maybe this year.
Papa, I didn't know.
He can't hear you.
It's time to go.
Hey, Brainy!  Where did you go?
Brainy, is that you?
Sorry, bro, just finishing
up the holiday fruitcake.
But, I already know your
feelings on that.
- Hefty?
- No, not Hefty, you lump of coal.
I am the Smurf of Christmas future.
Where the future is ...
This?
This is the future?
In a manner of speaking.
It's tomorrow.
It's Christmas day.
Christmas day?
Then, where is everyone?
They all left this morning ...
wanted to do something to help you
get your Christmas Spirit back.
I know how to make Grouchy happy.
How about we all go and get
a new tree in the morning?
One of those huge Smurfy ones
from the West forest.
- That'll cheer him up.
- That's a great idea.
- For Grouchy.
- Yes, for Grouchy.
This will make everyone happy.
Then, what happened?
They never came back.
Never came back?
W-what do you mean?
The West forest...
Smurfette !
Brainy !
Clumsy...
Need to do more cardio, Bro.
Brainy, wouldn't go anywhere
without these.
Where are they?
No!
Gargamel's lair!
It can't be ...
It can, actually.
What about the others?
I thought you were going to take
me to the others.
Oh, I have.
Oh, no.
All of them.
They were all captured ...
trying to make me happy.
When Papa came looking for them,
Gargamel, got him, too.
I'm so selfish.
Well, on the bright side ...
looks like, you'll all get to spend
one last Christmas together, after all.
Merry Christmas ... to me!
Hefty ! Hefty !
I see you've met Santa CLAWS!
You're going to look great
on top of my tree.
Help!
Oh, no!
No!
No, it can't end like this!
I can change!
I can change. I can change.
I can change.
Where am I?
I'm back! And, I'm alive!
It's not Christmas morning, yet.
There's still time to set things right.
What is that?
- Oh!
- Wow!
- It's incredible.
- Look at this.
Oh, well, look who's finally up.
Grouchy, you did all this?
I even baked a fruitcake.
And, I was wrong.
Christmas isn't a time for hating.
That's what all the other days are for.
I was so busy focusing on
what I wanted ...
didn't see the real gift ...
is having a family ... that cares ...
even though, I'm grouchy.
Merry Christmas!
I know, it's not the hang glider
you always ask for ...
but I made it just for you.
Thanks Papa.  A new hat!
Oh, ... I made it for all of us.
Merry Christmas, everyone!
- Yea!
- Merry Christmas!
Hey, wait a minute ...
If Papa knew I wanted a hang glider ...
Remember,
it's just for you.
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Oh, no.
I hate snow!
And, I hate being cold.
And, I hate carrots!
But, most of all ...
I hate Christmas ...
is only once a year!
Smurf the halls with
boughs of holly...
Fa la la la la la la la la!
Merry Christmas!
Subtitles by josmndsn